Hey, you there.
In this episode, I'll tell you
how prepositions FROM and TO are used.
Or...
FROM means you come from something -
and TO stands for three ...
I mean, TO means you go to something.
Do you understand that?
Superhanns, welcome.
Thank you, it's fun to be here.
Where do you come from?
Well, right now I'm coming from the shower
because I had to fight the lemu man,
whose spirit smelled to evil.
Approximately I come from the LOL-2 planet.
It is somewhere in the universe.
Wait a minute.
Hello.
Hey, leave me alone, thank you.
Sorry about that. It was my crazy neighbor.
What's your neighbor?
Well, he's a crazy woman from southern China ...
what I understand makes her a Japanese ...
Well, in any case he always fights -
with a mad German teacher coming from Jokela.
He's a full lane head.
Unlike, of course, of course ...
Kerropas, Superhanns,
where are you going next?
Well, I have to go to three places next.
Number one.
I have to go to Africa -
Fight with endless lions.
Why?
I'm not sure.
Number two.
Mun must go to the supermarket -
because milk is out.
And number three?
Number three?
Black feels like I have to get to the bathroom.